hey what's going on YouTube it's a boy
Maddy jsk all day was hanging people
how's everybody doing this is a little
change of pace is a little kill confirm
this is an older gameplay you guys I do
apologize but this is a nice little game
pie had saved up on my hard drive on the
map c-town obviously and i am using the
specialist package and it was just a
nice little streak that i went on to get
the moab in this particular game place
so i just want to go and upload it i do
have you know new game plays and whatnot
so uh i still be getting those out to
you guys here in the near future but
anyways about the gameplay i'm using
specialist i'm using the p90 with
extended mags and suppressor and believe
my loadout is a sleight-of-hand hardline
stalker might be dead silence not a
hundred percent sure and then my loadout
is assassin sitrep pro and scavenger pro
it's my pretty much more normal setup
for my sub machine gun specialist class
but uh Dan that guy failed at knifing
but um what I want to talk to you guys
really quick about is uh if you guys
don't follow me on Twitter you should
and there will be a link in the
description and guys go ahead and follow
me if you do have a Twitter if not just
go ahead and create one it's the easiest
way to get in get in touch with me it's
a lot more difficult to get through all
my messages and it is to just get a
tweet and get an update on my phone
because I can't update my phone to where
it will notify me every time I receive a
message on YouTube but every time I get
some Twitter feed or something like that
somebody mentions me in a Twitter feed
it pops up on my phone so I can check
that a lot easier than I can't anything
else so um if you don't have a twitter
go ahead and make one you know i mean
some people's parents don't want them to
make you know Twitter accounts and stuff
like that i know some of my audience is
a little bit younger than the rest but
um
if you can if you had the opportunity to
go ahead and make one so you guys can
get in contact with a dead man's hand
what do you know if I don't have my
specialist bonus I would have seriously
jumped through the screen now to slap
the hell out of that dude but um what I
want to talk to you guys about sorry got
off topic was talking about posting on
my channel and i know i did start a
series those you who are new to the
channel might not know that but I had a
series going um and what I did was I
showcase you know a 1 to 2 game plays
every Sunday you know knows a subscriber
showdown and I got away from that just
because I want to build up my audience a
little bit more so I can get you guys
more recognition and the recognition
that I believe that you guys deserve
which is why I had a you know kind of
postpone that whole series but I'm
actually looking to let somebody post on
the channel you know put up a video if
you guys don't want to do a commentary
we just have a beast gameplay i can
commentate the video for you it's not a
problem but um I need some ideas on a
challenge and I'm not sure what exactly
the challenge is going to be it I got a
lot of suggestions on Twitter about
maybe a very fast free for all gameplay
or something like that a flawless
free-for-all gameplay there were other
suggestions like a two minute Moab or
something like that there's just a lot
of things thrown out and I want to get
your guys's opinion your guys thoughts
on maybe some challenges that are out
there that maybe you know I don't want
to be too easy but I don't want to be
difficult to where it would be you know
very very hard to attain you know but
I'm interested to get you guys his
opinion on that let me know in the
comments section what you feel would be
a very nice challenge you know to go
ahead and knock out for you know to get
somebody opportunity to post on my
channel so um if you guys could do that
I'll greatly appreciate it um you know
but that's pretty much it for this game
plays about to wrap up right here is eye
drops out this dude for the Moab oh man
good old Moab's a lot of guys want to
know my moab count I honestly don't know
it's probably somewhere
the triple digits almost maybe maybe not
somewhere in there though I try to get
at least a MOAB and night something like
deslandes I've gotten up to like four or
five but uh look at all these tests I
feel like I'm i'm gonna Sonic the
Hedgehog game or something but um that's
the end of the game play you guys I hope
you did enjoy this little little small
clip nice little streak I went on your
boys came out here yo peace